.TH "iptv-toolkit" 1 "04 Jun 2025" "1.0" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
iptv-toolkit - fast and convenient work with IPTV

.SH SYNOPSIS
iptv-toolkit [-a URL][-e FILE|URL][-E DIR][-p FILE|URL][-P DIR][-u URL_PATH][-f URL_PATH][-F DIR][-w PORT][-c CRONTAB][-d][-t][-U][-F][-S][-H]

.SH DESCRIPTION
iptv-toolkit allows you to download playlists and program guides on schedule, convert them into several different formats.
It has built-in udp-to-http support and a small file server for downloading processed files.
The service is just 1 binary file.
All this makes working with IPTV convenient and fast.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -a\fR [URL]
The address at which the service will be available.
.TP
.B -e\fR [FILE|URL]
Tvguide location.
Can be either local or remote.
For remote location, \fBhttp\fR and \fBhttps\fR protocols are supported.
.TP
.B -E\fR [DIR]
The directory in which the TV programs will be placed.
.TP
.B -p\fR [FILE|URL]
Playlist location.
Can be either local or remote.
For remote location, \fBhttp\fR and \fBhttps\fR protocols are supported.
.TP
.B -P\fR [DIR]
The directory in which the playlists will be placed.
.TP
.B -f\fR [URL_PATH]
URL path file server (default: \fI/files\fR).
.TP
.B -u\fR [URL_PATH]
URL path udpxy (default: \fI/udp\fR).
.TP
.B -F\fR [DIR]
Location on host files for web server (default: \fI./files\fR).
.TP
.B -w\fR [PORT]
Set the listening port (default: 4022).
.TP
.B -c\fR [CRONTAB]
Set a schedule for updating files in crontab format (default: 30 6 * * *).
.TP
.B -d
Create an additional playlist in which links to the http stream point to this service.
This is usually useful when the client does not have the functionality to access udpxy.
For this function to work correctly, you must set the \fB-a\fR key or the \fBIPTVTOOLKIT_ADDRESS\fR variable.
.TP
.B -t
Add the program guide to the playlist.
This action will add the \fBurl-tvg\fR directive to the m3u files, pointing to the URL address of the program guide.
For this function to work correctly, you must set the \fB-a\fR key or the \fBIPTVTOOLKIT_ADDRESS\fR variable.
.TP
.B -U
Enable udpxy converter. \fRThe service will be available on the web path: \fB/udp/<mulicast_group:port>\fR.
.TP
.B -F
Enable File Server.
.TP
.B -S
Enable Scheduler.
.TP
.B -H
Enable Healthcheck server.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B IPTVTOOLKIT_ADDRESS
The address at which the service will be available (example: \fIhttp://localhost.local:4022\fR).
.TP
.B IPTVTOOLKIT_EPG
Tvguide location.
Can be either local or remote.
For remote location, \fBhttp\fR and \fBhttps\fR protocols are supported (example: \fIhttps://example.com/tvguide.zip\fR).
.TP
.B IPTVTOOLKIT_EPG_DIR
The directory in which the TV programs will be placed (example: \fI./files/tvguide\fR).
.TP
.B IPTVTOOLKIT_PLAYLIST
Playlist location.
Can be either local or remote.
For remote location, \fBhttp\fR and \fBhttps\fR protocols are supported (example: \fIhttps://example.com/playlist.m3u\fR).
.TP
.B IPTVTOOLKIT_PLAYLIST_DIR
The directory in which the playlists will be placed (example: \fI./files/playlist\fR).
.TP
.B IPTVTOOLKIT_EMBED_EPG
Add the program guide to the playlist.
This action will add the \fBurl-tvg\fR directive to the m3u files, pointing to the URL address of the program guide.
To generate links correctly, you need to set the \fB-a\fR key or the \fBIPTVTOOLKIT_ADDRESS\fR variable (example: true).
.TP
.B IPTVTOOLKIT_EMBED_UDPXY
Create an additional playlist in which links to the http stream point to this service.
This is usually useful when the client does not have the functionality to access udpxy.
To generate links correctly, you need to set the \fB-a\fR key or the \fBIPTVTOOLKIT_ADDRESS\fR variable (example: true).
.TP
.B IPTVTOOLKIT_WEB_PATH_FILES
URL path file server (example: \fI/files\fR).
.TP
.B IPTVTOOLKIT_WEB_PATH_UDXPY
URL path udpxy (example: \fI/udp\fR).
.TP
.B IPTVTOOLKIT_WEB_DIR
Location on host files for web server (example: \fI./files\fR).
.TP
.B IPTVTOOLKIT_WEB_PORT
Set the listening port (example: 4022).
.TP
.B IPTVTOOLKIT_CRONTAB
Set a schedule for updating files in crontab format (example: 30 6 * * *).

.SH FILES
.TP
.I /usr/bin/iptv-toolkit
Location of the executable file.
.TP
.I /var/www/iptv-toolkit/files
Root directory for displaying processed files.

.SH NOTES
.nf
CLI keys take precedence over environment variables.
There is usually no need to install CLI keys, except for the following: \fB-e\fR, \fB-p\fR, \fB-U\fR, \fB-F\fR, \fB-S\fR, \fB-H\fR.
The service running in an isolated docker environment has the following keys already installed: \fB-U\fR, \fB-F\fR, \fB-S\fR.
If the service is launched in \fBDocker\fR, then through the \fBcommand\fR directive, you can reinstall the startup arguments.

.SH AUTHOR
Maxim Voynov (maximm.14@yandex.ru)
